TW-803 FQL updates and examples (#4471)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/postman-flows/flows-query-language/data-manipulation.md

* [Encode an entire URL](#encode-an-entire-url)
* [Decode entire URL](#decode-entire-url)
* [Append to an array](#append-to-an-array)

> * [If then else](#if-then-else)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [If-then-else](#if-then-else)
```

* [Generate a new random invoice number](#generate-a-new-random-invoice-number)
* [Convert a string into JSON](#convert-a-string-into-json)
* [Get the absolute difference between two numbers](#get-the-absolute-difference-between-two-numbers)
* [Round up a number](#round-up-a-number)
* [Round down a number](#round-down-a-number)
* [Raise a number to a power](#raise-a-number-to-a-power)

> * [Get the squareroot of a number](#get-the-squareroot-of-a-number)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Get the square root of a number](#get-the-squareroot-of-a-number)
```

* [Convert a number to hex or binary](#convert-a-number-to-hex-or-binary)
* [Format a number with decimals and dollar sign](#format-a-number-with-decimals-and-dollar-sign)

> * [Convert a number to words](#convert-a-number-to-words)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Convert a number into words](#convert-a-number-into-words)
```

> * [Convert a number to words](#convert-a-number-to-words)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Convert a number into words](#convert-a-number-to-words)
```

> * [Convert words to a number](#convert-words-to-a-number)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Convert words into a number](#convert-words-into-a-number)
```

``` json
[1,2,3,4,5,6]
```

## If-then-else

The `$boolean` value is the true/false test. The second value the output for true and the final value is the output for false.

### FQL

``` javascript

> $boolean(`customer info`.total_value > 250) ? 'high value customer' : 'not a high value customer'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$boolean(`customer info`.total_value > 250) ? 'high-value customer' : 'not a high-value customer'
```

```

### Result

``` json

> "high value customer"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"high-value customer"
```

```

## Generate a new random invoice number

> Will generate a random whole number between 1 and 1000 for the invoice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generates a random whole number between 1 and 1000 for the invoice.
```

### FQL

``` javascript
'Invoice number ' & $round($random()*1000)
```

### Result

``` json
"Invoice number 891"
```

## Convert a string into JSON

> Allows the string to be formatted into JSON such that it can be queried via FQL. Assume you have the following string `{"Feedback Type":"Bug Report"}` stored as a variable named `input`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables the string to be formatted into JSON so it can be queried with FQL. This assume you have the following string `{"Feedback Type":"Bug Report"}` stored as a variable named `input`.
```

### FQL

``` javascript
$jsonParse(input)
```

### Result

``` json
{"Feedback Type":"Bug Report"}
```

## Get the absolute difference between two numbers

### FQL

``` javascript
$abs(4.56 - 6.78)
```

### Result

``` json
2.22
```

## Round up a number

### FQL

``` javascript
$ceil(3.45)
```

### Result

``` json
4
```

## Round down a number

### FQL

``` javascript
$floor(3.99)
```

### Result

``` json
3
```

## Raise a number to a power

### FQL

``` javascript
$power(2,3)
```

### Result

``` json
8
```

> ## Get the squareroot of a number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get the square root of a number
```

### FQL

``` javascript
$sqrt(9)
```

### Result

``` json
3
```

## Convert a number to hex or binary

Converts `3000` to hex, using base 2 instead of 16 would convert it to binary.

### FQL

``` javascript
$formatBase(3000, 16)
```

### Result

``` json
"bb8"
```

## Format a number with decimals and dollar sign

### FQL

``` javascript
$formatNumber(4593, '$#,###.00')
```

### Result

``` json
"$4,593.00"
```

## Convert a number to words

`I` can also be used instead of `w` for roman numerals.

### FQL

``` javascript
$formatInteger(493840, 'w')
```

### Result

``` json
"four hundred and ninety-three thousand, eight hundred and forty"
```

> ## Convert words to a number

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Convert words into a number
```

`I` can also be used instead of `w` for roman numerals.

### FQL

``` javascript
$parseInteger("four hundred and ninety-three thousand, eight hundred and forty", 'w')
```

### Result

``` json
493840
```

> ## Convert words to a number

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Convert words into a number
```

> ## Convert words to a number

Reviewer 2: Delete repeated section (Convert words to a number)
